Add security_address_book resource (#146)
jeremmfr/terraform-provider-junos: website/docs/r/security_address_book.html.markdown

---
layout: "junos"
page_title: "Junos: junos_security_address_book"
sidebar_current: "docs-junos-resource-security-address-book"
description: |-
  Create a security address book (when Junos device supports it)
---

> # junos_security_zone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# junos_security_address_book
```

  * `name` - (Required)(`String`) Name of dns name address.
  * `description` - (Required)(`String`) Description of dns name address.
  * `value` - (Required)(`String`) DNS name string value. `juniper.net`
* `range_address` - (Optional)([attribute-as-blocks mode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html))  Can be specified multiple times for each range address.
  * `name` - (Required)(`String`) Name of range address.
  * `description` - (Required)(`String`) Description of range address.
  * `from` - (Required)(`String`) IP address of start of range.
  * `to` - (Required)(`String`) IP address of end of range.
* `address_book_set` - (Optional)([attribute-as-blocks mode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/attr-as-blocks.html)) Can be specified multiple times for each address-set to declare.
  * `name` - (Required)(`String`) Name of address-set.
  * `description` - (Required)(`String`) Description of address-set.
  * `address` - (Required)(`ListOfString`) List of address names.

## Import

> Junos security zone can be imported using an id made up of `<name>`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Junos security address book can be imported using an id made up of `<name>`, e.g.
```
